test: Supports testing PlanModifier with `unit.MockPlanChecksAndRun` aka MipT - Mocked import+plan Tests (#3190)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: contributing/testing-best-practices.md

- What is `duplicate_responses`?
  - A counter increasd for every response that is the same as the previous response.
  - Not used during replay.

## MipT - Mocked Import+Plan Tests
**Experimental** framework for testing PlanModifier logic. It creates an import state and then runs a plan with an updated `.tf` file and checks for known/unknown values in the plan.
Works by: (For a full example see [plan_modifier_test.go](../internal/service/advancedclustertpf/plan_modifier_test.go))

1. Stores the last `GET` response from an existing [MacT](#mact---mocked-acceptance-tests) test case step. For example the last GET of `/api/atlas/v2/groups/{groupId}/clusters/{clusterName}`
   1. ImportName: `ClusterTwoRepSpecsWithAutoScalingAndSpecs`
   2. GET responses are stored in `testdata/{ImportName}/import_*.json`
2. The Terraform configuration is:

>    1. Import step always the same to ensure the config matches the respones from (1). Stored in `testdata/{ImportName}/main.tf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Import step is always the same to ensure the config matches the response from (1). Stored in `testdata/{ImportName}/main.tf`
```

Author: Applied. Thank you

>    2. Plan config is different per test. During planning all `GET` responses are as before (1) since API shouldn't have any changes. Stored in `testdata/{ImportName}/main_{plan_step_name}.tf`

Reviewer: This part a bit confusing for me. You are explaining the terraform configurations, but not what is happening. I assume the test runs an import step (with the same config always) and there's a second step with different configurations that is run? And then on each of those plan step the checks are performed?

Author: Yes, your understanding is correct (I think). The second step is always with different configurations and checks based on the change in config.

Tried rephrasing. WDYT?

Reviewer: Much better, thanks!

3. Each test passes the
   1. `ImportName`, for example `ClusterTwoRepSpecsWithAutoScalingAndSpecs`
   2. `plan_step_name`, for example `removed_blocks_from_config_and_instance_change`

>    3. `[]plancheck.PlanCheck`, see [Hashicorp docs](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-testing@v1.12.0/plancheck#PlanCheck)

Reviewer: Along the lines of the comment above, I think it would make it clearer for the reader if this explains what the test is testing/checking instead of just listing the inputs of the tests (the inputs are useful too 😅 )

Author: Tried rephrasing. WDYT?

Reviewer: Much better, thanks!

   1. Import step is always the same to ensure the config matches the response from (1). Stored in `testdata/{ImportName}/main.tf`
   2. Plan config is different per test. During planning all `GET` responses are as before (1) since API shouldn't have any changes. Stored in `testdata/{ImportName}/main_{plan_step_name}.tf`

> ### Maintenance and tips

Reviewer 2: Do you forsee we will have to update these GET responses? e.g. we change our implementation to only call a single API. Would it be complex?

Author: I'm assuming less frequent changes than the MacT tests:
- Mostly changes to attributes used by the plan modifier test should require an update.
- Changes to API calls might require updates
 
re-running the `http_mocker_plan_checks_test` should re-generate all the files.
Also, as the files are just plain `json`, I think manual changes are easy too.

- Use `testCases := map[string][]plancheck.PlanCheck{}` to test many different plan configs for the same import

> - TODO: Guidance on how to write good plancheck.PlanCheck and split up tests

Reviewer: TODO here

Author: Saved this for later after gathering more experience, but realize that would require a CLOUDP
